Add plaintext length hiding to non-goals (#166)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke: draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke.md

  ciphertext can be decrypted if the recipient's public encryption key and the
  PSK are compromised.

> * Hiding of plaintext length - AEAD ciphertexts produced by HPKE do not
>   hide the length of the plaintext. Applications requiring this level of
>   privacy should employ a suitable padding mechanism, see also
>   {{?I-D.ietf-tls-esni}} and {{?RFC8467}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hiding plaintext length - AEAD ciphertexts produced by HPKE do not
  hide the plaintext length. Applications requiring this level of
  privacy should use a suitable padding mechanism. See
  {{?I-D.ietf-tls-esni}} and {{?RFC8467}} for examples of protocol-specific
  padding policies.
```
